The company will have a board of directors tonight.
Sir, I’ll spend time with old friends tonight,
This is the gift Mr. Negative has prepared for you.
I didn't know she was busy,
Forget it, tell her that the divorce can be settled at any time,
Assistant body.
Come, I must keep my words until,
I haven’t seen the boss’s wife yet, and I’m not looking for much.
Although I didn't watch the cleaning, how dare you be so troublesome?
Haven't found it yet, by the way,
You go back first, and wait until you have time.
I am in the body of the figure,
It's still early, so I have three husbands. call you
Did you propose it?
That Cheng, the first vice-president of country a
As soon as he returns home
Just eat a sentence and bought the wedding house as a wedding room
What about normal design?
They all say what the boss is
What do you say to my high school classmates who are successful in life?
Do we have this opportunity?
Is it me?
If you have any high school classmates, please tell me.
What do you need to design a house for Deputy Dean Cheng?
You can't turn your back on that value
Who doesn't want this opportunity?
Our kind
A job that will lead to bankruptcy
How is it possible to get this kind of opportunity?
Then you also said that it’s just the boss.
If something happens to your list, it will help.
Okay, we can still get there
You'll spend over 100,000 yuan a night here.
what kind of customer
Active meet here
Here we know this design
when you are satisfied
Are you a friend of Boss Li?
Another sighting
A fish that pounces on a good car
Can't light up again
No, for cooperation
No, you asked me
I am Mr. Lin sent here to receive you.